Add http-add-on docs (#882)
kyma-project/keda-manager: examples/scale-to-zero-with-keda/README.md

- [KEDA HTTP Add-on](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on) to intercept, queue, and count incoming HTTP requests — enabling scale-to-zero and scale-from-zero without lost requests,
- [KEDA](https://keda.sh/) to drive the workload's scaling based on request rate metrics provided by the HTTP Add-on,
- A demo application that returns request-specific information (Pod name, timestamp, request body) to verify that no requests are lost during scaling,
- Istio service mesh to provide mTLS encryption between all components and to expose the application via API Gateway,
- API Gateway (APIRule v2) to route external HTTPS traffic to the HTTP Add-on's Interceptor.

## Prerequisites

- Kyma as the target Kubernetes runtime.
- [Keda, Istio and API Gateway modules installed](https://kyma-project.io/02-get-started/01-quick-install.html#steps)

## Procedure

### 1. Enable the HTTP Add-on via Annotations

> Enable the HTTP Add-on by annotating the Keda CR. The Keda Manager will automatically install the add-on in the specified namespace with Istio sidecar injection and the required port exclusion configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the HTTP Add-on by annotating the Keda custom resource (CR). The Keda Manager automatically installs the add-on in the specified namespace with Istio sidecar injection and the required port exclusion configured:
```

> Enable the HTTP Add-on by annotating the Keda CR. The Keda Manager will automatically install the add-on in the specified namespace with Istio sidecar injection and the required port exclusion configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the HTTP Add-on by annotating the Keda custom resource (CR). The Keda Manager automatically installs the add-on in the specified namespace with Istio sidecar injection and the required port exclusion configured:
```

```bash
kubectl annotate keda default \
  keda.kyma-project.io/addon-enabled=true \
  keda.kyma-project.io/addon-version=<addon-version> \
  keda.kyma-project.io/addon-namespace=<addon-namespace>
```

### 2. Wait for the Add-on to Be Ready

> Verify that the Addon condition is `True`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that the add-on condition is `True`:
```

> Verify that the Addon condition is `True`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that the add-on condition is `True`:
```
